feat: add BorderBeam component (#57720)
ant-design/ant-design: components/border-beam/index.en-US.md

cover: https://mdn.alipayobjects.com/huamei_7uahnr/afts/img/A*wr1ISY50SyYAAAAAAAAAAAAADrJ8AQ/original
coverDark: https://mdn.alipayobjects.com/huamei_7uahnr/afts/img/A*duAQQbjHlHQAAAAAAAAAAAAADrJ8AQ/original
demo:
  cols: 2
tag: 6.4.0
---

## When To Use

- Use when a container needs stronger visual emphasis without introducing business state semantics.
- Suitable for login panels, recommendation cards, AI modules, and key CTA blocks.
- As a decorative effect, it should not replace focus rings, validation borders, or status feedback.

## Examples

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
<code src="./demo/basic.tsx">Basic</code>
<code src="./demo/customized-color.tsx">Customized color</code>
<code src="./demo/radius.tsx">Rounded container</code>
<code src="./demo/non-uniform-radius.tsx">Non-uniform radius</code>
<code src="./demo/component-token.tsx">Component Token</code>

## API

Common props ref：[Common props](/docs/react/common-props)

### BorderBeam

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version | [Global Config](/components/config-provider#component-config) |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| children | Wrapped content | `ReactNode` | - | 6.4.0 | × |

> | classNames | Customize class names for each semantic structure. Supports object or function | `Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), string> \| (info: { props }) => Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), string>` | - | 6.4.0 | 6.4.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| classNames | Customize class for each semantic structure inside the component. Supports object or function. | Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), string> \| (info: { props })=> Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), string> | - | 6.4.0 |
```

| color | Beam color configuration. Supports a single color string or gradient stops | `string \| { color: string; percent: number }[]` | - | 6.4.0 | × |

> | styles | Customize inline styles for each semantic structure. Supports object or function | `Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), CSSProperties> \| (info: { props }) => Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), CSSProperties>` | - | 6.4.0 | 6.4.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| styles | Customize inline style for each semantic structure inside the component. Supports object or function. | Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), CSSProperties> \| (info: { props })=> Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), CSSProperties> | - |  6.4.0 |
```
